[Music]
making its world debut here at the South
Hampton Boat Show is the Boston Whaler
170 in Montauk and it is a beautiful
boat in terms of practicability now the
Boston Whaler age has been around for
many years the first of this boat
appeared in the 1970s the hull is proven
and on this particular model they've
actually emphasized the deep V at the
front now what Boston Whaler of Durham
is turned a rugged workhorse into a
really sociable and comfortable boat the
power comes from 115 horsepower Mercury
that gives a top speed of somewhere
around four to seven miles an hour but
it's this section when the boat really
comes into its own basically this
bolster lifts up and can be used to make
a nice sociable area here and it
actually folds down as well to make a
nice Sun lounging area or for a
water-ski observation post
now another modification on the Boston
Whaler is in the forward section here
the cushions are designed to fold in
half so they're easy to stow and the
full compartment is designed with two
separate areas all on gas struts forward
again with a folding seat is the echo
Locker
the helm consult is very comfortable
there's space underneath for you to put
your feet and there's a nice angle to
the backrest the instrumentation here is
standard there's hydraulic steering and
unusually now there is a built-in film
tank under this section here the
instruments and plotters of course can
be customised to the customers own
particular preference so this is a safe
proven practical workhorse has been
polished for the 21st century now Boston
Whaler say that the configuration of the
hull will get it onto the plane that
much quicker and at much lower speeds
and you can buy one here for forty four
thousand including that and including a
trailer although Boat Show deals are
available
[Music]